Remove EASY from glossary (#42322)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/accessibility_tree/index.md

Additionally, the accessibility tree often contains information on what can be done with an element: a link can be _followed_, a text input can be _typed into_, etc.

> While still in draft form within the Web Incubator Community Group as of April 2022, the **[Accessibility Object Model](https://wicg.github.io/aom/explainer.html) (AOM)** intends to incubate APIs that enable expressing accessibility semantics and potentially allow read access to the computed accessibility tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While still in draft form within the Web Incubator Community Group as of April 2022, the **[Accessibility Object Model](https://wicg.github.io/aom/explainer.html) (AOM)** intends to incubate APIs to express accessibility semantics and potentially allow read access to the computed accessibility tree.
```
